now the former Sporting Lisbon coach
Paolo Sergio has been confirmed as the
ninth hearts manager in seven years
let's get live now to Charles Patterson
with the latest Charles yeah Paolo
Sergio is here at the Hearts training
ground just outside Edinburgh he arrived
shortly before 10 o'clock the players
were in before that they've met and
they're currently training as we speak
now Vladimir Roman of the hearts owner
is also here at the training ground and
we caught up with them all on the
training ground as they trained in the
rain here in Edinburgh well I mean run
off in his own training kit would you
believe even in blazing with his
initials you don't see that very often
the owner of the club turning up for
training watching on there have been
plenty of stories since of light Amy
Romanoff took over the club about how he
picks the team about how he influenced
his transfer policy and how he
reportedly even takes training sessions
but that's certainly the the first time
we've ever got a shot of him on the
training ground that's a pretty unique
sight you wouldn't normally see the
owner of a club there but probably Sarge
you're taking his first training session
there is a reserve match against unfirm
land taking place this afternoon and
that's behind closed doors of course
there's no access to that but we expect
to hear from Paolo Sergio later on this
afternoon at Tynecastle at a press
conference we may well also hear from
Vladimir Romanov but certainly a new
regime is afoot here at hearts and it's
been a pretty quick turnaround since Jim
Jeffries was dismissed yesterday and
what's the situation
with Jim Jeffries because he was offered
that role of director of football but
he's not going to take it we understand
yeah that's right he's turned it down
this morning he went home last night to
mullah over his assistant Billy Brian
was sacked yesterday at the first team
coach Gary Locke his position at the
club is still under review he is still
employed by the club but Jim Jeffries
was offered that director of football
role and given his extensive history
with the club having played for the club
to managerial spells here there was
certainly probably a part of Jim
Jefferies that thought you know this
could be an option but he thought over
he came up to Edinburgh this morning and
he has decided against that so he has
left the club know after ticking over
back in January 20 2010 now the reason
that Jim Jefferies and Billy Brown have
been removed by Vladimir Romanov
according to him is due to results
hearts had not won a game since March
they had a pure end to the last season
even when they finished third in the
league and the weekend they lost to
Dundee United one nil at Tynecastle on
Sunday that was only the second League
game of the season of course they drew
at Rangers on the opening day at Ibrox
pretty good result against the champions
and they drew last week over in Hungary
and the Europa League qualifying tie the
second leg of that is on Thursday night
at Tynecastle and that will be polo
Sergio's first game in charge of hearts
that's a pretty important one but Jim
Jeffries is no longer employed by Hart's
Football Club he's turned down the
director of football role he has left
the club and a new era under the
Portuguese Court polo Sergio has begun
and we expect to hear from him later on
today look forward to it Charles thanks
very much so it's all changed once again
this is the the new gaffer Paulo Sergio
he's 43 years old he was born in the
south of Portugal he had a 17-year
career as a player playing mostly as a
striker for a number of sides across
Portugal and then his spell in France at
crane knob after retiring in 2003 went
straight into coaching at al Hanlon say
Sergio spent then time at four other
clubs before being appointed sporting
manager at the end of last season start
last season but he would last just seven
months at the club before he was sacked
after a string of poor results and that
included elimination by Rangers in the
last 32 of the Europa League
Craig Levine managed hearts for four
years guiding them into European
successive seasons he says Jeffrey's
should have been given more time in the
job manager losing his job and I think
this I think we all should be certified
and seen for doing this job you know
it's a shame you know I the I think
Jim's a a gate manager and it brought a
level of stability but two hearts and I
think that is extremely difficult to
provide success without stability and I
don't want a football club I don't make
the decisions at hearts but as a serious
ER there's a disappointment for me lip
of Worcester like admire after a short
period of time when there isn't have
enough time to put his ideas into
practice so Hoffs have had a number of
managers under Vladimir Romanoff at
first there was John Robertson from 2005
for to 2005 George Burley replaced him
hearts with top of the SPL for the first
10 games of the season but he left after
Romanov tried to take full control over
the club next there was Graham Rix but
he only lasted at hearts for four months
Valdis even asked us was in temporary
charge when they won the Scottish Cup in
2006 been in Gretna on penalties he was
hired on a full term basis the following
season
then came a Natali kirochka he took over
in March 2007 lasted for 33 games left
at the start of 2008 Steven frail worked
alongside Cory butch ghovat took full
charge at hearts for the most of the
remainder of that year Java Lazlo has
served for the longest time under
Romanoff he joined them after leaving
his job as uganda manager he was named
manager of the year in 2009 but was then
sacked in January of last year and when
Jim Jeffries left the club yesterday he
was the 8th manager in seven years to
leave Tynecastle
it's quite a list we wish Paulo Sergio
well and we hope to hear from him a
little bit later on and Sky Sports News
will also bring you an any transfer